content(news): Some new human news messages (#10875)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/news.txt

			"Having both feet firmly on the ground doesn't make you take one step to completing your missions."
			"The darkest hour is just before the departure."
			"Don't look a gift shuttle in the engine outlets."
			"Getting there is half the fun. Getting paid is the other half."

> 			"Being a pilot isn't all fun and games. We have angry customers, hostile pirates and asteroids to deal with."

Author: ```suggestion
			"Being a pilot isn't all fun and games. We have angry customers, hostile pirates, and asteroids to deal with."
```

> 			"Being a pilot isn't all fun and games. We have angry customers, hostile pirates and asteroids to deal with."

Author: Yes, added it.

			"Having both feet firmly on the ground doesn't make you take one step to completing your missions."
			"The darkest hour is just before the departure."
			"Don't look a gift shuttle in the engine outlets."
			"Getting there is half the fun. Getting paid is the other half."

> 			"Being a pilot is not all fun and games. We have angry customers, hostile pirates and asteroids to deal with."

Reviewer: I'm not sure what somebody is saying in the world of Endless Sky would necessarily be contraction-free. It sounds too formal for someone you're randomly meeting once and will never interact with again.
```suggestion
			"Being a pilot isn't all fun and games. We have angry customers, hostile pirates and asteroids to deal with."
```

Author: I'm not a native English speaker, so I sometimes forget contractions. It was not my intention to make those merchants sound very formal.

Author: (It also wasn't my intention to make myself sound very formal.)

> 			"We are always a risk of being killed by faulty equipment, solar storms, asteroids, pirates or by angry customers. Ever wonder why you didn't just take a desk job?"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"We are always a risk of being killed by faulty equipment, solar storms, asteroids, pirates or angry customers. Ever wonder why you didn't just take a desk job?"
```

The second "by" is unnecessary, although you could probably keep it if you want to.

> 			"Did you ever look at ships going into hyperspace? They appear to be moving backwards because they are moving faster than light."

Reviewer 2: This feels like a pretty bold lore statement. Does it match existing lore?

Author: I'll move it to a philosopher section.

			"The darkest hour is just before the departure."
			"Don't look a gift shuttle in the engine outlets."
			"Getting there is half the fun. Getting paid is the other half."
			"Being a pilot isn't all fun and games. We have angry customers, hostile pirates and asteroids to deal with."

> 			"We are always at risk of being killed by faulty equipment, solar storms, asteroids, pirates or angry customers. Ever wonder why you didn't just take a desk job?"

Reviewer 2: Optional, but this might be smoother:

```suggestion
			"We're always at risk of being killed by faulty equipment, solar storms, asteroids, pirates or angry customers. Ever wonder why you didn't just take a desk job?"
```

			"I just got fired. The dog of one of the kids died and the missus asked me to fly to Earth and buy a new identical one. When I returned she was screaming that she didn't need two dead dogs."
			"There's one law for the rich and another law for the poor. One small mistake by me and I'm back to the horrible place I emigrated from."
			"I don't know what part of 'no' those spoiled kids didn't understand, but I'm not cooking 5 course dinners every day when they eat almost nothing."
			"I wanted to order one salt shaker, but things are apparently measured in tons when shipping stuff, so I got a ton of salt shakers. You want one? Or ten?"

> 			"My employer wanted to donate some out-of-fashion dresses to starving people, but now she is angry because I said that three starving persons would fit in one of her dresses."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"My employer wanted to donate some out-of-fashion dresses to starving people, but now she's angry because I said that three starving people would fit in one of her dresses."
```

			"I just got fired. The dog of one of the kids died and the missus asked me to fly to Earth and buy a new identical one. When I returned she was screaming that she didn't need two dead dogs."
			"There's one law for the rich and another law for the poor. One small mistake by me and I'm back to the horrible place I emigrated from."
			"I don't know what part of 'no' those spoiled kids didn't understand, but I'm not cooking 5 course dinners every day when they eat almost nothing."

> 			"I wanted to order one salt shaker, but things are apparently measured in tons when shipping stuff, so I got a ton of shalt shakers. You want one? Or ten?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"I wanted to order one salt shaker, but things are apparently measured in tons when shipping stuff, so I got a ton of salt shakers. You want one? Or ten?"
```

> 			"My employer wanted to donate some out of fashion dresses to starving people, but now she is angry because I said that 3 starving persons would fit in one of her dresses."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"My employer wanted to donate some out-of-fashion dresses to starving people, but now she is angry because I said that three starving persons would fit in one of her dresses."
```

"Persons" is also not in common usage, so you might want to even do:

```suggestion
			"My employer wanted to donate some out-of-fashion dresses to starving people, but now she is angry because I said that three starving people would fit in one of her dresses."
```

... although the first one sort of fits an aristocratic style...

Author: I doubt that the housekeeper would talk about peons. That is more something for the employer.

news "tour guide - warning"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
		attributes "tourism"
	name
		word
			"Tour guide"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"Be careful"
			"Be aware"
		word
			" "
		word
			"not to carry"
			"not to touch"
			"when carrying"
		word
			" "
		word
			"metallic"

> 			"sweet"

Reviewer: What about adding other possibilities here?
```suggestion
			"salty"
			"savory"
			"sour"
			"spicy"
			"sweet"
```

			`"Do you know the DRQ of the HSBE for the hyperlanes around here? You don't understand? Sorry, a hyperlane can be thought of as a corridor through space..." The engineer gives a long-winded and confusing explanation of hyperlanes.`
			`"It might take hours to get a message a few systems away going through the hyperspace relays, but it sure beats taking multiple days to send a ship or multiple centuries to send a message at light speed."`
			`"Someone with more money than sense asked me to refill the hyperspace relays, because their signal was low."`

> 			`"Trust me, I'm an engineer."`

Reviewer: Trust me to do what?

Author: Right, this doesn't work stand-alone. I took it out.

> 			`"Trust me, I'm an engineer."`

Author: ```suggestion
```
You're right, this doesn't work as a stand-alone sentence.

news "electrical engineer"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
	name
		word
			"Electrical engineer"
			"Power networks expert"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"Earth has a weird power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Every other planet just uses a positive and negative polarity for outlets."

> 			"Earth has a beautiful power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Other planets use DC current and need to add measures to ensure that polarity is matched, but on earth the outlets are symmetric by default."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"Earth has a beautiful power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Other planets use DC current and need to add measures to ensure that polarity is matched, but on Earth the outlets are symmetric by default."
```

			"Voltage conversion from DC power to DC power works extremely well on every planet except Earth. Earth's ancient power-network still uses AC power for distribution."

> 			"Most equipment works from 100 Volt to 500 Volt power, but just check compatibility before connecting your equipment."

Reviewer: Is Volt supposed to be capitalized?

Author: Probably not. I changed it to lower-case.

news "electrical engineer"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
	name
		word
			"Electrical engineer"
			"Power networks expert"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word

> 			"Earth has a weird power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Every other planet just uses a positive and negative polarity on outlets."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"Earth has a weird power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Every other planet just uses a positive and negative polarity in outlets."
```
It's unclear what the exact preposition would be here, but I think "on" has other implications (do you rest the plug on something and it's "plugged in"?)

Author: `For` sounds good. I added both versions.

> 			"Earth has a weird power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Every other planet just uses a positive and negative polarity on outlets."

Author: ```suggestion
			"Earth has a weird power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Every other planet just uses a positive and negative polarity for outlets."
			"Earth has a beautiful power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Every other planet needs to add measures to ensure that polarity is matched, but on earth the outlets are symmetric by default."
```

> 			"Voltage conversion from DC power to DC power works extremely well on every planet except Earth. Earths ancient power-network still uses AC power for distribution."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Voltage conversion from DC power to DC power works extremely well on every planet except Earth. Earth's ancient power-network still uses AC power for distribution."
```

> 			"Most equipment works from 100 DC to 500 DC power, but just check compatibility before connecting your equipment."

Reviewer 2: "works from 100 DC to 500 DC" implies that this is some kind of measure of time. Is there a better way to put it?

Author: I removed the DC part, this also works just with voltages.

> 			"Most equipment works from 100 DC to 500 DC power, but just check compatibility before connecting your equipment."

Author: ```suggestion
			"Most equipment works from 100 Volt to 500 Volt power, but just check compatibility before connecting your equipment."
```

news "electrical engineer"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral" "Independent"
	name
		word
			"Electrical engineer"
			"Power networks expert"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"Earth has a weird power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Every other planet just uses a positive and negative polarity for outlets."
			"Earth has a beautiful power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Other planets use DC current and need to add measures to ensure that polarity is matched, but on Earth the outlets are symmetrical by default."
			"Voltage conversion from DC power to DC power works extremely well on every planet except Earth, whose ancient power network still uses AC power for distribution."
			"Most equipment works from 100 volt to 500 volt power, but be sure to check compatibility before connecting your equipment."

> 			"I'm so happy that I'm certified to work on the Paradise planets. Both pay and climate are much better there."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"I'm so happy that I'm certified to work on the Paradise Planets. Both pay and climate are much better there."
```

		word
			`"`
		word
			"Earth has a weird power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Every other planet just uses a positive and negative polarity for outlets."

> 			"Earth has a beautiful power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Other planets use DC current and need to add measures to ensure that polarity is matched, but on Earth the outlets are symmetric by default."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Earth has a beautiful power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Other planets use DC current and need to add measures to ensure that polarity is matched, but on Earth the outlets are symmetrical by default."
```

		word
			"Earth has a weird power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Every other planet just uses a positive and negative polarity for outlets."
			"Earth has a beautiful power-distribution network, where the polarity of home outlets changes 50 or 60 times per second. Other planets use DC current and need to add measures to ensure that polarity is matched, but on Earth the outlets are symmetric by default."

> 			"Voltage conversion from DC power to DC power works extremely well on every planet except Earth, who's ancient power network still uses AC power for distribution."

Reviewer 2: Wrong whose

```suggestion
			"Voltage conversion from DC power to DC power works extremely well on every planet except Earth, whose ancient power network still uses AC power for distribution."
```

			"I'm hoping to get a sponsorship, but nobody here wants to partner with me. Could you recommend a planet where I might find better results?"
			"I don't expect everyone to be as fit as I am, but do remember to get up and exercise a little every once in a while!"
			"I once went to a sports event on Dancer in the Rastaban system, but never again! All activities were indoors because of the horrible weather the planet has."

> 			"You want to sponsor me? I've never lost a race! How many I've won? Well, not that many yet either..."

Reviewer: Technically this would be "have I"; it depends on how excited this person is. Your choice.
```suggestion
			"You want to sponsor me? I've never lost a race! How many have I won? Well, not that many yet either..."
```

			"I'm hoping to get a sponsorship, but nobody here wants to partner with me. Could you recommend a planet where I might find better results?"
			"I don't expect everyone to be as fit as I am, but do remember to get up and exercise a little every once in a while!"
			"I once went to a sports event on Dancer in the Rastaban system, but never again! All activities were indoors because of the horrible weather the planet has."

> 			"You want to sponsor me? I've never lost a race! How many have I won? Well, not that many yet either..."

Reviewer 3: I think it's funnier if you explain the joke less.
```suggestion
			"You want to sponsor me? I've never lost a race! How many have I won? Well..."
```

			"Look at this! 'Five Reasons Why Captains Should Check Spaceports More Often - Number Two Will Make You Cry!'"
			"Check this out! 'Top 20 Things Starship Pilots Don't Want You to Know!' Wait, never mind."
			"'11 signs that you are dealing with a corporate executive.' Read my blog to protect yourself from those psychopaths!"

> 			"Do you know Betteridge's law of headlines? Any headline that ends in a question mark can be answered by the word no."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"Do you know Betteridge's law of headlines? Any headline that ends in a question mark can be answered by the word 'no.'"
```

			"Every so often, we get contacted by someone shady wishing to donate something to our museum."
			"Much of human technological progress has been driven by a desire to more effectively induce entropy in one's opponents."
			"Did you know Cleopatra lived closer in time to the invention of the hyperdrive than the building of the pyramids?"

> 			"We bought an ancient shuttle 'The Theseus', but the engines, the hull, the power systems and every other part of it was replaced since its construction. Is it still an ancient shuttle when every part was replaced?"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"We bought an ancient shuttle 'The Theseus,' but the engines, the hull, the power systems and every other part of it was replaced since its construction. Is it still an ancient shuttle when every part was replaced?"
```

American English.

			"Every so often, we get contacted by someone shady wishing to donate something to our museum."
			"Much of human technological progress has been driven by a desire to more effectively induce entropy in one's opponents."
			"Did you know Cleopatra lived closer in time to the invention of the hyperdrive than the building of the pyramids?"

> 			"We bought an ancient shuttle 'The Theseus,' but the engines, the hull, the power systems and every other part of it was replaced since its construction. Is it still an ancient shuttle when every part was replaced?"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"We bought an ancient shuttle called 'The Theseus,' but the engines, the hull, the power systems and every other part of it was replaced since its construction. Is it still an ancient shuttle when every part was replaced?"
```

			"Every so often, we get contacted by someone shady wishing to donate something to our museum."
			"Much of human technological progress has been driven by a desire to more effectively induce entropy in one's opponents."
			"Did you know Cleopatra lived closer in time to the invention of the hyperdrive than the building of the pyramids?"

> 			"We bought an ancient shuttle called 'The Theseus,' but the engines, the hull, the power systems and every other part of it was replaced since its construction. Is it still an ancient shuttle when every part was replaced?"

Reviewer: Somehow this reads slightly strange to me.
```suggestion
			"We bought an ancient shuttle called 'The Theseus,' but the engines, the hull, the power systems and every other part of it have been replaced since its construction. Is it still an ancient shuttle when every part has been replaced?"
```

> 			"We bought an ancient shuttle called 'The Theseus,' but the engines, the hull, the power systems and every other part of it have been replaced since its construction. Is it still an ancient shuttle when every part has been replaced?"

Reviewer: We? It might be better to be more specific: 
```suggestion
			"The museum bought an ancient shuttle called 'The Theseus,' but the engines, the hull, the power systems and every other part of it have been replaced since its construction. Is it still an ancient shuttle when every part has been replaced?"
```

news "philosopher"
	name
		word
			"Philosopher"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"If I take a grain of sand away from a heap, one at a time, then when does the heap stop being a heap?"

> 			"What if we could look at ships going into hyperspace? Will they appear to be moving backwards because they are moving faster than light?"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"What if we could look at ships going into hyperspace? Would they appear to be moving backwards because they are moving faster than light?"
```

			`We recently went to full alert, because somebody screamed "It's scrambled!" Turns out some rookie in the galley was enthusiastic about making scrambled eggs.`
			"Curiosity killed the cat. Yes, the R.N.S. Curiosity landed right on top of the poor creature."
			"We arrested a fortune teller yesterday; they didn't see it coming."
			"Pirates were entering the ship port-side. So I took an EVA suit, flew around both ships and captured their ship."

> 			"So we were fighting close quarters, when suddenly that sparrow fired its lasers on us. We are lucky to still be alive."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"So we were fighting close quarters, when suddenly that Sparrow fired its lasers on us. We are lucky to still be alive."
```

> 			"I once arrested one of those drunk flyers, but they walked free within 2 hours. The paperwork took me much longer. Next time I'll just blow them to pieces."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"I once arrested one of those drunk flyers, but they walked free within two hours. The paperwork took me much longer. Next time I'll just blow them to pieces."
```

			`We recently went to full alert, because somebody screamed "It's scrambled!" Turns out some rookie in the galley was enthusiastic about making scrambled eggs.`
			"Curiosity killed the cat. Yes, the R.N.S. Curiosity landed right on top of the poor creature."
			"We arrested a fortune teller yesterday; they didn't see it coming."
			"Pirates were entering the ship port-side. So I took an EVA suit, flew around both ships and captured their ship."
			"So we were fighting close quarters, when suddenly that Sparrow fired its lasers on us. We're lucky to still be alive."

> 			"I once arrested one of those drunk flyers, but they walked free within two hours. The paperwork took me much longer. Next time I'll just blow them to pieces."

Author: You're right, the response seemed a bit disproportional. ("drunk flying" is not a captial crime.) I changed the text a bit.

			`We recently went to full alert, because somebody screamed "It's scrambled!" Turns out some rookie in the galley was enthusiastic about making scrambled eggs.`
			"Curiosity killed the cat. Yes, the R.N.S. Curiosity landed right on top of the poor creature."
			"We arrested a fortune teller yesterday; they didn't see it coming."
			"Pirates were entering the ship port-side. So I took an EVA suit, flew around both ships and captured their ship."
			"So we were fighting close quarters, when suddenly that Sparrow fired its lasers on us. We're lucky to still be alive."

> 			"I once arrested one of those drunk flyers, but they walked free within two hours. The paperwork took me much longer. Next time I'll just blow them to pieces."

Author: ```suggestion
			"I once arrested one of those drunk flyers, but they walked free within two hours. Very frustrating, because the paperwork took me much longer."
```

			"I'm reviewing a case on the destruction of an abandoned drone. The owner argues it was a personal hyperspace relay, which exempts it from salvage law."
			"My client is accused of destroying a landing pad and flooding the surrounding area with leaked reactor plasma. Really, it's the spaceport's fault for not verifying whether he had a pilot's license in the first place."
			"I was involved in a case of an out-of-spec Syndicate nuclear reactor. Allegedly, the Syndicate threatened the inspector to prevent him from publishing his results, but he didn't give in."

> 			"Laws on different planets sometimes conflict, for example: Farseer requires job openings to be posted publicly immediately, while Pilot requires job openings to be posted internally first. Companies operating on both planets cannot hire people without breaking some law."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Laws on different planets sometimes conflict. For example, Farseer requires job openings to be posted publicly immediately, while Pilot requires job openings to be posted internally first. Companies operating on both planets cannot hire people without breaking some law."
```

> 			"Breaking the law is not always a problem, if you break a law that nobody cares about, they nobody takes you to court over it."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Breaking the law is not always a problem. If you break a law that nobody cares about, then nobody takes you to court over it."
```

> 			"I love `essentially contested concepts`, their ambiguity have helped me to win many cases."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"I love 'essentially contested concepts,' their ambiguity have helped me to win many cases."
```

American English

Reviewer: have -> has?

Reviewer 2: Oops, yes, should be.

> 			"I love `essentially contested concepts`, their ambiguity have helped me to win many cases."

Author: ```suggestion
			"I love 'essentially contested concepts,' their ambiguity have helped me to win many cases."
```

			"I'm reviewing a case on the destruction of an abandoned drone. The owner argues it was a personal hyperspace relay, which exempts it from salvage law."
			"My client is accused of destroying a landing pad and flooding the surrounding area with leaked reactor plasma. Really, it's the spaceport's fault for not verifying whether he had a pilot's license in the first place."
			"I was involved in a case of an out-of-spec Syndicate nuclear reactor. Allegedly, the Syndicate threatened the inspector to prevent him from publishing his results, but he didn't give in."
			"Laws on different planets sometimes conflict. For example, Farseer requires job openings to be posted publicly immediately, while Pilot requires job openings to be posted internally first. Companies operating on both planets cannot hire people without breaking some law."
			"Breaking the law is not always a problem. If you break a law that nobody cares about, then nobody takes you to court over it."

> 			"I love 'essentially contested concepts,' their ambiguity have helped me to win many cases."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"I love 'essentially contested concepts,' their ambiguity has helped me to win many cases."
```

			"I'm reviewing a case on the destruction of an abandoned drone. The owner argues it was a personal hyperspace relay, which exempts it from salvage law."
			"My client is accused of destroying a landing pad and flooding the surrounding area with leaked reactor plasma. Really, it's the spaceport's fault for not verifying whether he had a pilot's license in the first place."
			"I was involved in a case of an out-of-spec Syndicate nuclear reactor. Allegedly, the Syndicate threatened the inspector to prevent him from publishing his results, but he didn't give in."
			"Laws on different planets sometimes conflict. For example, Farseer requires job openings to be posted publicly immediately, while Pilot requires job openings to be posted internally first. Companies operating on both planets cannot hire people without breaking some law."
			"Breaking the law is not always a problem. If you break a law that nobody cares about, then nobody takes you to court over it."

> 			"I love 'essentially contested concepts,' their ambiguity has helped me to win many cases."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"I love 'essentially contested concepts'. Their ambiguity has helped me to win many cases."
```

			"Me a pirate? Come on! Do I look like the type of person that kills twenty-one colonists on a Corvette in Eltanin? Chops them up? Sells their remains as meat to local restaurants? And then goes and dines in one of those restaurants?"
			"I kill people for money, but you are nice, so I'll kill you for free."
			"Stop looking at me, or I will totally kill you dead."

> 			"Join me, and together we can rule the galaxy as godfather and adjudant. Me the godfather obviously. Haha."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"Join me, and together we can rule the galaxy as godfather and adjutant. Me the godfather, obviously."
```

> 			"Join me, and together we can rule the galaxy as godfather and adjudant. Me the godfather obviously. Haha."

Author: ```suggestion
			"Join me, and together we can rule the galaxy as godfather and adjutant. Me the godfather, obviously."
```

> 			"The competition is killing here. They really are."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"The competition is killing me here."
```

Reviewer 4: "You're killing me here" is a [fairly common expression](https://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/you%27re+killing+me) of exasperation, and I think fittingly colloquial here for a pirate.

Reviewer: If the pirate got killed, then how are they telling you?

Reviewer 4: The expression means exaggerated annoyance, so it's not meant to be taken literally. To say something is "killing me here" is saying that something is causing extreme frustration or annoyance, but not to the point of actual harm or actually being killed. Think of sayings like "I could eat a horse" to mean that you're very hungry or "Thanks a million" to mean that you are very thankful. 

So the meaning of the pirate saying "The competition is killing me here" is actually "The competition is really frustrating me right now."

That being said, if that's confusing people who aren't familiar with these expressions then perhaps this line should be changed or removed.

Reviewer: The original implies that the competition actually _is_ killing there; given that it's on a pirate planet, it makes sense for the competition to do that.

If you say "killing _me_ here", I feel that the original meaning is somewhat lost.

Author: > So going for the violence meaning I think a noun needs to be there, and the second sentence shouldn't be changing plurality.

I think it's nicer to go for the ambiguity meaning.

Reviewer 4: Cool, looks like you fixed the plurality as well so no concerns from me on this one.

			"Me a pirate? Come on! Do I look like the type of person that kills twenty-one colonists on a Corvette in Eltanin? Chops them up? Sells their remains as meat to local restaurants? And then goes and dines in one of those restaurants?"
			"I kill people for money, but you are nice, so I'll kill you for free."
			"Stop looking at me, or I will totally kill you dead."
			"Join me, and together we can rule the galaxy as godfather and adjutant. Me the godfather, obviously."

> 			"The competition is killing here. They really are."

Author: ```suggestion
			"The competition is killing here. It really is."
```

			"I flew around half the galaxy to pick up a wedding banquet, but it wasn't here and they stole my cargo instead! The cake was a lie!"
			"The optimist has the glass half full, the pessimist has the glass half empty, but here you are already lucky if the glass doesn't get shot, stolen, or broken before you take your first sip."
			"It's very silent here. Like the silence just before a huge thunderstorm hits."

> 			"The average life expectancy of a pirate is 15 years old. It is actually pretty sad."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"The average life expectancy of a pirate is fifteen years old. It is actually pretty sad."
```
Same question about contractions.

Reviewer 2: This one is borderline, but you're right that text is probably better.

			"I flew around half the galaxy to pick up a wedding banquet, but it wasn't here and they stole my cargo instead! The cake was a lie!"
			"The optimist has the glass half full, the pessimist has the glass half empty, but here you are already lucky if the glass doesn't get shot, stolen, or broken before you take your first sip."
			"It's very silent here. Like the silence just before a huge thunderstorm hits."

> 			"The average life expectancy of a pirate is fifteen years old. It is actually pretty sad."

Author: ```suggestion
			"The average life expectancy of a pirate is fifteen years. It is actually pretty sad."
```

			"I flew around half the galaxy to pick up a wedding banquet, but it wasn't here and they stole my cargo instead! The cake was a lie!"
			"The optimist has the glass half full, the pessimist has the glass half empty, but here you are already lucky if the glass doesn't get shot, stolen, or broken before you take your first sip."
			"It's very silent here. Like the silence just before a huge thunderstorm hits."

> 			"The average life expectancy of a pirate is fifteen years. It is actually pretty sad."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"The average life expectancy of a pirate is fifteen years. It's actually pretty sad."
```

> news "players crew member"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
news "player's crew member"
```

	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	to show

> 		"flagship crew" > 30

Reviewer: Maybe a slightly larger number, so that the "never met" makes a bit more sense?

These are really funny.

> 		"flagship crew" > 30

Author: Changing to 40. If we go beyond that, then the player will almost never encounter this (since there are not many ships that require such large amounts of crew).

```suggestion
		"flagship crew" > 40
```

	name
		word

> 			"Some crew member"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Crew member"
```

"Some" doesn't add much here, and doesn't fit the rest of the phrases.

Author: Agreed. Crew member works better.

	message
		word
			`"`
		word

> 			"I'm serving onboard the '<ship>', but I've never met the captain. Can you imagine that?"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"I'm serving onboard the '<ship>,' but I've never met the captain. Can you imagine that?"
```

> 			"Hey captain, good to see you here. I'm looking forward to the next trip (and I'm looking forward to my 100 credits a day)."

Reviewer 2: A bit choppy. Maybe:

```suggestion
			"Hey captain, good to see you here. I'm looking forward to the next trip (and my 100 credits a day, of course)."
```

			"You look like a poor excuse for a captain. I'm serving onboard the '<ship>' and I'm sure that my captain is far better dressed than you."
		word
			`"`

news "sticker on ship"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	name
		word

> 			"Sticker on ship"

Reviewer 2: Is there a way to imply bumper sticker in a funny way?

Author: 'Sticker on the back of a ship', 'Thruster sticker' or simply 'Bumper Sticker' come to mind. But I feel that none of them really work in this context.

Author: The first two actually work for messages, I added them. :smiley:

Author: Bumper stickers are such an unique concept that they might just survive the disappearance of the bumper; thus I could just use the word "Bumper Sticker" when the ship doesn't actually have bumpers.

Author: I added "Bumper sticker on ship" as an additional option.

	message
		word
			"I brake for asteroid snails."
			"Student pilot."

> 			"Babe onboard."

Author: ```suggestion
			"Babe onboard."
			"Baby onboard."
```

> 			"Babe onboard."

Reviewer: Is this supposed to be 'baby' or..?

Author: Sure, that is also nice to put on a sticker.

			"There is no place like [insert homeplanet here]."

news "label on ship"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	name
		word
			"Label on ship"
			"Warning label on ship"
	message
		word
			"Angles morts - Blind spots from cockpit."
			"Stay clear of ramscoop intake."
			"Stay out of thruster exhaust stream."

> 			"Stay away form thruster outlets during takeoff."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"Stay away from thruster outlets during takeoff."
```

			"Door opens outwards."
			"Remove red ribbons before flight."

> 			"Nuclear reactor compartiment, NEA certification required for servicing this part of the ship."

Reviewer 2: I feel like this could almost be combined with the previous one.

Author: NEA: https://www.oecd-nea.org/
But they are apparently not well-known, so I removed the NEA abbreviation.

Author: > I feel like this could almost be combined with the previous one.

Almost, but I feel that `label` has a bit of a more formal meaning (added by the manufacturer of a ship, or by some official organization), while bumper sticker is more something unofficial (a joke on a sticker, put on a bumper or rear window).

Reviewer 5: The meaning of NEA can be guessed from context and I felt it was a nice touch

Author: Re-added the abbreviation for the Northern Evil Authors.

> news "label on ship"
> 	location
> 		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
> 	name
> 		word
> 			"Label on ship"
> 			"Warning label on ship"
> 	message
> 		word
> 			"Angles morts - Blind spots from cockpit."
> 			"Stay clear of ramscoop intake."
> 			"Stay out of thruster exhaust stream."
> 			"Stay away form thruster outlets during takeoff."
> 			"Door opens outwards."
> 			"Remove red ribbons before flight."
> 			"Nuclear reactor compartiment, NEA certification required for servicing this part of the ship."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
news "label on ship"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	name
		word
			"Label on ship"
			"Warning label on ship"
	message
		word
			"Angles morts - Blind spots from cockpit."
			"Stay clear of ramscoop intake."
			"Stay out of thruster exhaust stream."
			"Stay away form thruster outlets during takeoff."
			"Door opens outwards."
			"Remove red ribbons before flight."
			"Nuclear reactor compartment, NEA certification required for servicing this part of the ship."
```

Also, what is the NEA?

			"I'm serving on board the '<ship>,' but I've never met the captain. Can you imagine that?"
			"Hey captain, good to see you here. I'm looking forward to the next trip (and my 100 credits a day, of course)."
			"You look like a poor excuse for a captain. I'm serving onboard the '<ship>' and I'm sure that my captain is far better dressed than you."
		word
			`"`

news "sticker on ship"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	name
		word
			"Sticker on ship"
	message
		word
			"I brake for asteroid snails."
			"Student pilot."
			"Babe onboard."
			"Baby onboard."
			"There is no place like [insert homeplanet here]."
			"This is not a bumper sticker, this is a rust retardant patch."
			"Air leak seal, do not remove."

news "label on ship"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	name
		word
			"Label on ship"
			"Warning label on ship"
	message
		word
			"Angles morts - Blind spots from cockpit."
			"Stay clear of ramscoop intake."
			"Stay out of thruster exhaust stream."
			"Stay away from thruster outlets during takeoff."
			"Door opens outwards."
			"Remove red ribbons before flight."

> 			"Nuclear reactor compartment, certification is required for servicing this part of the ship."
> 			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire, la certification est requise avant l'entretien."

Author: ```suggestion
			"Nuclear reactor compartment, NEA certification is required for servicing this part of the ship."
			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire, la certification du NEA est requise avant l'entretien."
```

news "player's crew member"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	to show
		"flagship crew" > 40
	name
		word
			"Crew member"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word

> 			"I'm serving onboard the '<ship>,' but I've never met the captain. Can you imagine that?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"I'm serving on board the '<ship>,' but I've never met the captain. Can you imagine that?"
```

news "player's crew member"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	to show
		"flagship crew" > 40
	name
		word
			"Crew member"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"I'm serving on board the '<ship>,' but I've never met the captain. Can you imagine that?"

> 			"Hey captain, good to see you here. I'm looking forward to the next trip (and my 100 credits a day, of course)."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"Hey captain, good to see you here. I'm looking forward to the next trip, and my 100 credits a day, of course."
```

Reviewer: I think if you put a comma there it would be better as this.
```suggestion
			"Hey captain, good to see you here. I'm looking forward to the next trip, and, of course, my 100 credits a day."
```

			"You look like a poor excuse for a captain. I'm serving onboard the '<ship>' and I'm sure that my captain is far better dressed than you."
		word
			`"`

news "sticker on ship"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	name
		word
			"Sticker on ship"
	message
		word
			"I brake for asteroid snails."
			"Student pilot."
			"Babe onboard."
			"Baby onboard."

> 			"There is no place like [insert homeplanet here]."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"There's no place like [insert home planet here]."
```

			"This is not a bumper sticker, this is a rust retardant patch."
			"Air leak seal, do not remove."

news "label on ship"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	name
		word
			"Label on ship"
			"Warning label on ship"
	message
		word
			"Angles morts - Blind spots from cockpit."
			"Stay clear of ramscoop intake."
			"Stay out of thruster exhaust stream."
			"Stay away from thruster outlets during takeoff."
			"Door opens outwards."
			"Remove red ribbons before flight."
			"Nuclear reactor compartment: NEA certification is required for servicing this part of the ship."

> 			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire, la certification du NEA est requise avant l'entretien."

Author: ```suggestion
			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire, la certification de l'AEN est requise avant l'entretien."
```

> 			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire, la certification de l'AEN est requise avant l'entretien."

Reviewer 6: Here is another translation with the correct typography (accents, non breaking space, apostrophe).

```suggestion
			"Compartiment du réacteur nucléaire : certification AEN requise pour l’entretien de cette partie du navire."
```

Reviewer: Due to limitations with Endless Sky's engine, accented characters look weird or don't show up at all.
It's on the long-term checklist but at the moment your suggestion won't work, though thank you for thinking of it.

Reviewer 6: In that case:
```suggestion
			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire : certification AEN requise pour l'entretien de cette partie du navire."
```

Replace the space before the : with a non breaking space “ ” if the engine supports it.

> 			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire: certification AEN requise pour l'entretien de cette partie du navire."

Reviewer 3: I don't think the NEA will exist 1000 years into the future.

Author: Nobody said that the NEA 1000 years into the future is the same organization as the NEA we know these days.

Author: And I'm pretty sure that the organization will not be called "Nuclear Safety Agency", because other people will want to use the abbreviation NSA.

Reviewer 3: Regardless I don't think we should be making references to modern day organizations in Endless Sky; it feels anachronistic and out of place. Could you change this to some sort of ES equivalent? 'Department of Republic Energy' or something like that?

Author: I think it also works without any agency name, so I just removed the agency name. (That's probably better than making up some agency by myself.)

> 			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire : certification AEN requise pour l'entretien de cette partie du navire."

Author: ```suggestion
			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire: certification AEN requise pour l'entretien de cette partie du navire."
```

news "logo on ship hull"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	name
		word
			"Logo on the hull of a ship"
			"Print on a spaceship"
	message
		word

> 			"Justins Time - Just in time delivery"
> 			"Francis Fries - food spacetrucker"
> 			"Bobby Bughunter - extermination services"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"Justins Time - Just in time delivery"
			"Francis Fries - Food spacetrucker"
			"Bobby Bughunter - Extermination services"
			"Luna Ticks – Pest control"
			"Orion's Belts – The fashion of the future"
			"Comet Cleaners – Brightest laundry in the galaxy" 
			"Cosmo Joe's – Cosmic Coffee out of this world"
```

news "player's crew member"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	to show
		"flagship crew" > 40
	name
		word
			"Crew member"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"I'm serving on board the '<ship>,' but I've never met the captain. Can you imagine that?"
			"Hey captain, good to see you here. I'm looking forward to the next trip, and, of course, my 100 credits a day."
			"You look like a poor excuse for a captain. I'm serving onboard the '<ship>' and I'm sure that my captain is far better dressed than you."
		word
			`"`

news "sticker on ship"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	name
		word

> 			"Sticker on ship"

Author: ```suggestion
			"Bumper sticker on ship"
			"Sticker on ship"
```

			"Student pilot."
			"Babe onboard."
			"Baby onboard."
			"There's no place like [insert home planet here]."
			"This is not a bumper sticker, this is a rust retardant patch."
			"Air leak seal, do not remove."

news "label on ship"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	name
		word
			"Label on ship"
			"Warning label on ship"
	message
		word
			"Angles morts - Blind spots from cockpit."
			"Stay clear of ramscoop intake."
			"Stay out of thruster exhaust stream."
			"Stay away from thruster outlets during takeoff."
			"Door opens outwards."
			"Remove red ribbons before flight."
			"Nuclear reactor compartment: NEA certification is required for servicing this part of the ship."
			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire: certification AEN requise pour l'entretien de cette partie du navire."

news "logo on ship hull"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	name
		word
			"Logo on the hull of a ship"
			"Print on a spaceship"
	message
		word
			"Justins Time - Just in time delivery"
			"Francis Fries - Food spacetrucker"
			"Bobby Bughunter - Extermination services"

> 			"Luna Ticks – Pest control"
> 			"Orion's Belts – The fashion of the future"
> 			"Comet Cleaners – Brightest laundry in the galaxy" 
> 			"Cosmo Joe's – Cosmic Coffee out of this world"

Author: ```suggestion
			"Luna Ticks - Pest control"
			"Orion's Belts - The fashion of the future"
			"Comet Cleaners - Brightest laundry in the galaxy"
			"Cosmo Joe's - Cosmic Coffee out of this world"
```

Reviewer 4: Whoops, long dashes were my bad. Huh, I'd not considered that connotation 🤔.

news "player's crew member"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	to show
		"flagship crew" > 40
	name
		word
			"Crew member"
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"I'm serving on board the '<ship>,' but I've never met the captain. Can you imagine that?"

> 			"Hey captain, good to see you here. I'm looking forward to the next trip, and, of course, my 100 credits a day."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"Hey Captain, good to see you here. I'm looking forward to the next trip, and, of course, my 100 credits a day."
```

			"You look like a poor excuse for a captain. I'm serving onboard the '<ship>' and I'm sure that my captain is far better dressed than you."
		word
			`"`

news "sticker on ship"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	name
		word
			"Bumper sticker on ship"
			"Sticker on ship"
	message
		word
			"I brake for asteroid snails."
			"Student pilot."
			"Babe onboard."
			"Baby onboard."
			"There's no place like [insert home planet here]."
			"This is not a bumper sticker, this is a rust retardant patch."
			"Air leak seal, do not remove."

news "label on ship"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	name
		word
			"Label on ship"
			"Warning label on ship"
	message
		word
			"Angles morts - Blind spots from cockpit."
			"Stay clear of ramscoop intake."
			"Stay out of thruster exhaust stream."
			"Stay away from thruster outlets during takeoff."
			"Door opens outwards."
			"Remove red ribbons before flight."
			"Nuclear reactor compartment: NEA certification is required for servicing this part of the ship."

> 			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire: certification AEN requise pour l'entretien de cette partie du navire."

Reviewer 3: Why French here? Is French still used across the galaxy and 1000 years in the future?

Author: I noticed some "Angles Morts" stickers on trucks when driving around in Europe (not in France) and I feel it does give a more "international travel" (interplanetary travel) vibe if you encounter other languages on things like stickers on vehicles.
Those news messages don't affect gameplay directly, but they do provide ambiance.

France does have quite a bit of nuclear industry, so it also makes sense to me to have some nuclear reactors produced in a French speaking region. (With French warning stickers.)

So yes, it feels appropriate to me.

> 			"Nuclear reactor compartment: NEA certification is required for servicing this part of the ship."
> 			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire: certification AEN requise pour l'entretien de cette partie du navire."

Author: ```suggestion
			"Nuclear reactor compartment: certification is required for servicing this part of the ship."
			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire: certification requise pour l'entretien de cette partie du navire."
```

news "logo on ship hull"
	location
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Neutral" "Independent" "Syndicate"
	name
		word
			"Logo on the hull of a ship"
			"Print on a spaceship"
	message
		word

> 			"Justins Time - Just in time delivery"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			"Justin Time - Just in time delivery"
```

			"Angles morts - Blind spots from cockpit."
			"Stay clear of ramscoop intake."
			"Stay out of thruster exhaust stream."
			"Stay away from thruster outlets during takeoff."
			"Door opens outwards."
			"Remove red ribbons before flight."

> 			"Nuclear reactor compartment, NEA certification is required for servicing this part of the ship."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"Nuclear reactor compartment: NEA certification is required for servicing this part of the ship."
```

unless NEA Nuclear reactor compartment certification is a thing.

> 			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire, la certification du NEA est requise avant l'entretien."

Reviewer 2: I like having it in French, but realistically ~~(don't ban me)~~ I kind of doubt that Francophone languages would be all that common by the 31st century. Could work, but you'd probably want to add a couple more languages too.

Also, I *think* it should be done like this, possibly with `l'` instead of `la` (since I'd expect it to be agence de l'énergie nuclearie).
```suggestion
			"Compartiment du reacteur nucleaire, la certification de la AEN est requise avant l'entretien."
```
